Welcome to the cinema.
No mobile phones.
No talking or toddlers.
and please be considerate to your fellow movie
goers.
No masturbating.
Now sit back and enjoy the show.
Antonio!
Wake up!
Why are you asleep?
How can you be asleep?
I was not asleep.
I was dreaming, but I was awake.
Your life must be remarkable!
These dreams you have both awake and asleep,
but you're just a humble thief.
The war made me a whore and you a thief, or
was it the other way around?
Freud has a lot to answer for!
Who said that?
Where are you?
Show yourself!
Antonio, what are you talking about?
Please, Antonio.
Please.
That voice...
You mean me?
Yes.
You-Maria-you heard her.
Who was that?
Antonio, what has gotten into you lately?
Since Luigi's death, you're really not yourself.
If you say so my dear.
If it makes you happy, you say so.
I married a thief.
A good, honest thief, who knew his place in
life.
Now, now I am stuck with a... with a hermaphrodite.
A creature who no longer knows if he is a
man or woman.
Which is the lie and which is the half told
truth?
Why must things always be so simple but so
endlessly complicated with you Antonio?
Yes, Maria, with you things...
they are not so complicated.
The butcher comes,
you open your legs.
The police comes to arrest me,
The priest comes for confession, again.
We know the outcome.
You'd like to see yourself as a victim, Antonio.
But in this life, we are only prisoners of
the jails we ourselves construct.
For a street walker and a faithless wife,
you have a very ambiguous turn of phrase.
She never loved you, Antonio.
Who?
Who never loved me?
That I do not know.
I'm just a voice that only exists in your
head.
What are you talking about Antonio?
As my mother told me about you,
The breathless extent of your dream life is
a burden
too many on the prosaic reality of our day
to day physical reality.
Maria, Maria, Maria, my precious Maria.
Your mother, forgive me, but I will not forgive
myself if I do not confess.
She was a very ugly woman with a soul she
had stolen from the Devil.
Shame on you, Antonio
and your wretched and primal subconscious
inadequacies.
Antonio, Antonio.
Wake up.
Wake Up.
Shut up - you're just a voice in my head.
Let me dream in peace.
Is that what you wish to reduce all of these
women to, Antonio?
A reductive analysis of the feminine is a
classical archetype of your repression.
Oh for fuck's sake,
stop sounding like my wife when she's not
paying the rent on her back.
Your wife?
Is that who I am now?
I hope not.
Perhaps I am Luigi?
After your treachery castrated him -
have we considered that yet?
We have considered it off camera many times.
We considered modernism.
We predicted post-modernism.
We have embraced surrealism.
We have refuted the technocratic vision of
mankind's future.
So much wonderment have we embraced.
That I am left in awe of the Italian education
system.
I was taught by priests.
And yet I know every blasphemy under the sun
and revolving around the room.
Oh Antonio, now it is you who sounds like
your wife.
Perhaps it is your innermost desire
to be hammered night and day by the butchers
and priests and policemen.
You suggest I wish to lie with another man
because I long to make things and hate myself
for my destructive tendencies?
I think that is a little simplistic.
Even for the subconscious of a humble thief.
Humility is like heaven for men such as you
-
massively over rated.
You should embrace hell.
At least you will know some people there.
Like Luigi.
Shut up about Luigi!
He wasn't even a good man!
Well, we can all justify the embodiment of
our fall.
Even Icarus did that,
As he plummeted into the Azure Mediterranean.
Classicism in thinking is the great weakness
of the contemporary soul.
So you admit you have a soul?
I am communist, a thief and a man of the people.
Souls are means by which the ruling class
imprison us.
What is that thing again?
What thing?
Liberal use of deus ex machina!
What?
Oh!
Luigi!
I thought you were dead.
You killed me,
but I forgive you in the sense that I do not
exist any longer.
So immortality is a myth?
We are nothing but the physical embodiment
of our own neuroses?
Your wife told me that
while she digested my sword in the marital
bed.
Is that the truth?
The underlying anxiety of my reality?
That what I justified by expediency
was really the manifestation of the horns
on my cuckold's head?
How can you ask such questions of a ghost?
The eagle that hears the whizz of an arrow
as it strikes its heart
sees that the arrow has been feathered with
its own plumes.
What a fine horse this is, Antonio!
It's not a horse.
It's my life.
A man with such physical simplicity is a man
I can indeed respect.
You mean that it is my ability to negate humanity
by robbing and over powering my fellow creatures
that I create the respect of you a beautiful
woman I stumbled across?
No - she means that in your shallowness you
have yet again
sublimed the feminine into the masculine desire
ideal form.
As my mother predicted you would.
It is a common mistake amongst traitors.
And among sinners!
And the repressed!
It is only by creative expression,
A world devoid of color, and unique camera
angles,
That our true nature can be revealed.